[New] `jsx-sort-props`: add `customPropsFirst` to support custom props list for sorting (#3853)
jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react: docs/rules/jsx-sort-props.md

<Hello key={'uuid'} name="John" ref={johnRef} />
```

### `customPropsFirst`

This can only be an array option.

> When `customPropsFirst` is defined, the specified custom props must be listed before all other props, but still respecting the alphabetical order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `customPropsFirst` is defined, the specified custom props must be listed before all other props, but still respecting the configured order within the set of custom props:
```

```jsx
// 'jsx-sort-props': [1, { customPropsFirst: ["className", 'theme'] }]
<Hello className="flex" theme="light" name="John" />
```

> If both `reservedFirst` and `customPropsFirst` are defined, reserved props are listed first, followed by custom props, and then all other props, but still respecting the alphabetical order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both `reservedFirst` and `customPropsFirst` are defined, reserved props are listed first, followed by custom props, and then all other props, but still respecting the configured order within each of those three groups:
```
